{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\uc2\deff0\stshfdbch13\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}\'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5{\*\falt SimSun};}{\f36\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}@\'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5;}{\f38\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f39\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f41\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f42\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f43\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f44\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f45\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f46\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}
{\f49\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f52\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}
{\f55\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f56\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f59\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f62\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f63\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}
{\f66\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}{\f170\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt SimSun};}{\f400\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 @\'cb\'ce\'cc\'e5 Western;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \snext0 Normal;}{
\s1\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \cbpat9 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\f1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \ssemihidden \styrsid12412480 Document Map;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid289943\rsid6778805\rsid8674901\rsid8916998
\rsid11301201\rsid11956669\rsid12412480\rsid15618005}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.6502;}{\info{\author zhukai}{\operator zhukai}{\creatim\yr2007\mo4\dy3\hr20\min39}{\revtim\yr2007\mo4\dy12\hr15\min46}{\version9}{\edmins7}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords4757}
{\nofchars27115}{\*\company Zhejiang U}{\nofcharsws31809}{\vern24579}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \deftab420\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\rsidroot12412480 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb \dbch (}{\pntxta \dbch )}}\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {
\b\fs28\ul\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Time Tracker Client 3.2 Component Specification
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.\tab 
Design
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
The Time Tracker Client custom component is part of the Time Tracker application.  It provides an abstraction of clients that the projects are assigned to. This component handles the persistence and other business logic required by the application.
\par }{\f0\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This d\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 esign provides configurable ClientUtility which can be used to add, update and retrieve Client and associated Projects.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The clients can be search with filter and depth. Four kind of depth is provided. And pre-defined filter can be created by the ClientFil\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
terFactory. The user can also create custom filter by the Filters provide by Search Builder component.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The action which will modify the database can be audited according to user\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s setting. And the audit will be rollback if the transaction is failed.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 And \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
the data source is pluggable, new data source can be easily added. And the alias of column name is provided by ClientColumnName and ClientProjectColumnName , the actual column name can be configured by the configuration file.
\par 
\par }{\fs20\ul\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Version 3.2 Changes 
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Version\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 3.2 addresses the Transaction Management strategy of the Time Tracker application.  This is done by utilizing an EJB container to manage the operations being performed by the different Time Tracker components.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The design takes the approach of building an\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 EJB layer on top of the existing classes, rather than modifying the old design.  Changes to the 3.1 design are minimal, and consist of some slight refactoring and making certain classes Serializable.  Building the layer has the advantage of allowing the 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 u\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
ser the easy option of switching out of EJB, and moving to a different Transaction Management strategy should the need arise.  The EJB layer is composed of a Business Delegate, the Local and LocalHome interfaces, and a Stateless SessionBean.  The Business
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Delegate is responsible for looking up the LocalHome interface and obtaining an instance of the Local interface.  It will then use the Local interface to delegate business calls to the SessionBean.  The SessionBean itself has no business logic other than 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 m\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 anaging the transactions - the actual business logic exists in the old classes of the existing design.
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The following changes were done:
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Depth class was made Serializable.  This is done for the same reason that the Filter class needs to be made Serializab\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
le.  Since Depth is part of the method argument in search method, it needs to be made Serializable in order to support a possible move away from Local interfaces, and into Remote interfaces.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The old ClientUtility class was renamed into ClientUtilityImpl, \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
and implements a new interface called ClientUtility.  This is done to hide implementation details away from the client: the client might be using the actual Impl object, or might be using a BusinessDelegate - it wouldn't need to be known by the client.

\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 De\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
legate, LocalHome, Local and SessionBean classes were all added in a new ejb subpackage.  This comprises the EJB layer of the component.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 A new Sequence Diagram was added to depict the functionality within the EJB layer.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 A note was added to the Use Cases,\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 saying that the application may now run under a J2EE container.  Since the requirements for the new changes are not actual business functionality, but rather more on the inner functionality of the component, it did not seem appropriate to introduce a new
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 use case for the new requirements.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 There was no need to refactor the DAOs, since no business logic was found in the DAOs.  The JBoss Transaction DataSource may be configured using ConnectionFactory.

\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The design attempts t\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
o adhere to the J2EE specification of not allowing File access by delegating all file access to an external ClientUtilityFactory class.  This is a pragmatic approach which has been proven to work in previous designs (see the Orpheus Application components
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ,\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 like Game Persistence, Administration Persistence components).  File access does not occur within the SessionBean itself, but rather within external classes when the application is called.  It is also possible for File Access to occur before any SessionB
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 e\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 an calls occur, since the ConfigManager may be initialized beforehand.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Note that the only other alternative to not using ConfigManager and configuration files will be to restrict usage of ANY TC components that utilize configuration files - these include \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
the Connection Factory, Search Builder and ID Generator components, which are a core part of the given component.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab 
\par \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.1
\tab Design Patterns 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1140\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Data Access Object Pattern is used by ClientInformixDAO.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Strategy Pattern is used to allow plugging different t\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ypes of data source.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Template Pattern is used to provide the general algorithm structure of Depth.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-450\li1170\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1170\faauto\rin0\lin1170\itap0 {\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\'20\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Factory Pattern is used to create different filters by ClientFilterFactory.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li1170\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1170\faauto\rin0\lin1170\itap0 {\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Business Delegate  Pattern is used in ClientUtilityDelegate.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ServiceLocato\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 r is also used in ClientUtilityDelegate.
\par }{\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 While not technically a Singleton, the ClientManagerFactory behaves very similarly and may be considered a Singleton wrapper.
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\b\f3\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1       
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.2
\tab Industry Standards 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 JavaBean
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 SQL
\par }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 EJB
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3
\tab Required Algorithms
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.1
\tab \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Constructs ClientUtility}{\i\fs20\insrsid11301201 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Impl}{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  with given namespace
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the configManager by ConfigManager.getInstance()

\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the objectFactoryNamespace from the configManager with namespace and key as "ObjectFactoryNamespace"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the idName from the configManager with namespace\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  and key as "IDName"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get idGenerator by IDGeneratorFactory.getIDGenerator(idName)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create the ObjectFactory with a new ConfigManagerSpecificationFactory created with the objectFactoryNamespace
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create dao by the ObjectFactory with the key as "ClientDAO"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Crea\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 te auditManager by the auditManager with the key as "AuditManager", if not specified, create with no-arg constructor.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create addressManager by the addressManager with the key as "AddressManager", if not specified, create with no-arg constructor.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create con\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tactManager by the contactManager with the key as "ContactManager", if not specified, create with no-arg constructor.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create commonManager by the commonManager with the key as "CommonManager", if not specified, create with no-arg constructor.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create projec\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tUtility by the projectUtility with the key as "ProjectUtility", if not specified, create with no-arg constructor. 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.2
\tab Constructs ClientInformixDAO with given namespace
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the configManager by ConfigManager.getInstance()

\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the connectionFactoryNames\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 pace from the configManager with namespace and key as "ConnectionFactoryNamespace"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create the connectionFactory by new DBConnectionFactoryImpl(connectionFactoryNamespace)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the connectionName from the configManager with namespace and key as "ConnectionNa\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 me"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the searchBundleName from the configManager with namespace and key as "SearchBundleName"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the searchBundleNamespace from the configManager with namespace and key as "SearchBundleNamespace"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create search bundle manager with searchBundleNamespace
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get searchBundle by manager.getSearchBundle(searchBundleName)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the Property containing all the column alias and actual name from the searchBundleNamespace. This property named "alias" contained by property named searchBundleName contained by property na\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
med "searchBundles".
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Put all the alias, actual name pair into a HashMap. All the alias defined in ClientColumnNames should be found, and all the actual name should be non null, non empty(trim'd) string, else throw ConfigurationException.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the clientColu\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 mnNames to this map.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get clientProjectColumnNames in the same way.
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.3}
{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Add client
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Throw InvalidClientPropertyException if:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1140\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The company id <= 0}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or description/name is null or empty(trim'd)}{\insrsid6778805 

\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the creation/modification user is null or empty(trim'd)}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the salesTax < 0}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the start/end Date, paymentTerm, contact or address is null}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the ID of the client by idGenerator.getNextID()
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit add client is true, create an auditHeader with all the properties of this client and createAuditRecord by Aud\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 itManager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Add the client by dao.addClient
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the creation and modification date to current date.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to add the given client to the client table.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set all the parameters of statement according to th\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 e properties of client and executeUpdate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Add the contact by contactManager.addContact(client.getContact()) and associate with this client by contactManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Add the address by addressManager.addAddress(client.getAddress()) and\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  associate with this client by addressManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call addProjectToClient to add the project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If add client failed and doAudit is true, call auditManager.delete(header.getID()) to rollback the audit.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.4}
{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Add clients
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client ...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Throw InvalidClientPropertyException if any property of the contact is invalid.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the ID of the client by idGenerator.getNextID()
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit add client is true, create an auditHeader with all the properties of this client and create it by AuditManager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Add \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the id of the header to the auditId which is created by new long[client.length]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ... end each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call dao.addClients(clients)
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to add the given client to the client table.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client, set the cr\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 eation and modification date to current date and set all the parameters of statement according to the properties of client and addBatch.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Execute the batch, and get the returned int[]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchUpdateException is thrown, get the int[] by exception.getUpdateCo\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 unts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create a boolean[], set boolean[i] to int[i]!=EXECUTE_FAILED
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If any int[i] is EXECUTE_FAILED, throw BatchOperationException which created with the boolean[]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchOperationException is thrown, get the boolean[] by exception.getR\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 esult
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client which result[i]==true
\par }\pard \ql \li994\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin994\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 add the contact by contactManager.addContact(client.getContact()) and associate with this client by contactManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 add the address by addressManager.addAddress(client.getAddress()) and associate with th\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 is client by addressManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call addProjectToClient to add the project
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client which result[i]==false, call auditManager.delete(auditId[i]) to rollback the audit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchOperationException have been thrown, rethrow it.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.5}
{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Update clie\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 nt
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Throw InvalidClientPropertyException if:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx1140\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The company/client id <= 0}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or description/name is null or empty(trim'd)}{\insrsid6778805 

\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the creation/modification user is null or empty(trim'd)}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the salesTax < 0}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the start/end Date, paymentTerm, contact or address is null}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If the bean is not changed(client.isChanged() is false), simply return.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit update client is true, get the oldClient with the id by retrieveClient. Create an auditHeader with all the diffe\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
rent properties between client and oldClient. Create audit by auditManager.create(header).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If the id of project of the client is changed, call removeProjectFromClient to deassociate with the old one and call addProjectToClient with the new one.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Simply call\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  dao.updateClient(client)
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the modification date to current date.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to update the client with given ID in the client table
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set all the parameters of statement according to the properties of cli\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ent and executeUpdate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Update the contact by contactManager.updateContact(client.getContact()), if the contact id is changed, deassociate the oldClient.getContact with this client by contactManager.deassociate and associate the client.g\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
etContact with this client by contactManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Update the address by addressManager.updateAddress(client.getAddress()), if the address id is changed, deassociate the oldClient.getAddress with this client by addressManager.deassociate and associate 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the client.getAddress with this client by addressManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If update client failed and doAudit is true, call auditManager.delete(header.getID()) to rollback the audit.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.6}
{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Update clients
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Throw InvalidPropertyException if any property of any cont\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 act is invalid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get all the ids of clients
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the oldClients by retrieveClients(ids)?and get the result boolean[]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit update client is true, create an auditHeader with all the different properties between client and oldClient. Creat\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 e audit by auditManager.create(header).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Add the id of the header to the auditId which is created by new long[clients.length]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ... end each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call dao.updateClients() with all the clients with which isChanged is true.
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, an\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
d prepare a statement to update the client with given ID in the client table
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client, set the modification date to current date and create a sql statement to update the client and addBatch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Execute the batch, and get the returned int[]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchUpdat\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 eException is thrown, get the int[] by exception.getUpdateCounts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create a boolean[], set boolean[i] to int[i]!=EXECUTE_FAILED
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If any int[i] is EXECUTE_FAILED, throw BatchOperationException which created with the boolean[]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchOpera\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tionException is thrown, get the boolean[] by exception.getResult
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client which result[i]==true
\par }\pard \ql \fi-10\li994\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin994\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Update the contact by contactManager.updateContact(client.getContact()), if the contact id is changed, deassociate the oldClient.getContact with this cl\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ient by contactManager.deassociate and associate the client.getContact with this client by contactManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Update the address by addressManager.updateAddress(client.getAddress()), if the address id is changed, deassociate the oldClient.getAddress \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
with this client by addressManager.deassociate and associate the client.getAddress with this client by addressManager.associate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If the id of project of the client is changed, call removeProjectFromClient to deassociate with the old one and call addProjectT\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 oClient with the new one.
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client which result[i]==false, call auditManager.delete(auditId[i]) to rollback the audit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchOperationException have been thrown, rethrow it.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.7}
{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Remove client
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the client by retrieveClient(id)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit remove\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  client is true, create an auditHeader with all the properties of this client and create it by AuditManager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call dao.removeClient(id)
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to remove the client with given id from the client table.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Se\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 t the parameter of statement to given id and executeUpdate.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call removeProjectFromClient to deassociate with the project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Remove the contact and address of client by contactManager and addressManager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each project, remove project from the client.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 deassociate the address with this client by addressManager.deassociate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 deassociate the contact with this client by contactManager.deassociate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If remove client failed and doAudit is true, call auditManager.d\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 elete(header.getID()) to rollback the audit.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.8}
{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Remove clients
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the clients by retrieveClients(ids)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client ...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit remove client is true, create an auditHeader with all the properties of this client and create it by AuditManager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Add th\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 e id of the header to the auditId which is created by new long[clients.length]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ... end each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call dao.removeClients(ids)
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to remove the client with given id from the client table.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client,\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  set the parameter of statement to given id and addBatch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Execute the batch, and get the returned int[]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchUpdateException is thrown, get the int[] by exception.getUpdateCounts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create a boolean[], set boolean[i] to int[i]!=EXECUTE_FAILED
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If any int[i] \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 is EXECUTE_FAILED, throw BatchOperationException which created with the boolean[]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchOperationException is thrown, get the boolean[] by exception.getResult
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client which result[i]==true
\par }\pard \ql \li994\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin994\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 call removeProjectFromClient to dea\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ssociate with the project.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Remove the contact and address by contact manager and address manager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 deassociate the address with this client by addressManager.deassociate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 deassociate the contact with this client by contactManager.deassociate
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client which result[i]==false, call auditManager.delete(auditId[i]) to rollback the audit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If BatchOperationException have been thrown, rethrow it.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.9}
{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Search client with filter and depth
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the result with dao.searchClients(filter, depth)

\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Ret\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
urn searchBundle.search(filter, depth.getFields) which will return the result set including the fields specified by depth.getFields()
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the clients by depth.buildResult(result)
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get the number of records of the result set by result.getRecordCount
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create a\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  Client array with the number as size
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set current row to the first row
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each row
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create a new Client by buildClient(Each specific depth will specify customized buildClient method)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And put the Client into the array
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Goto next row
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ... end each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Return the a\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 rray.
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If depth.setAddress is true, set address of each client by setAddress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If depth.setContact is true, set contact of each client by setContact
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set payment term by setPaymentTerm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If the depth.setProjects is true, if depth.onlyProjectsIdName() is true, ca\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ll setProjectsIdName, else call setProjects.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Return clients.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.10
}{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Get all clients by DAO
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get clients dao.getAllClients()
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to get all the clients from the client table
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Execute the query
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each record
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Create a new Client according to the record, the payment term will be created only with the term id.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And put the Client into a list
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ... end each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Return the clients in the list as Client[]
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For each client ...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the add\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ress of the client
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the contact of the client
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the payment term of the client
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set the projects of the client
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ... end each
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 return clients
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.11
}{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Add project to client
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call client.addProject(Project)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit add project to client is true, create an au\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ditHeader with the project id and client id and create audit by auditManager.create(header)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call dao.addProjectToClient
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to add the association to the client_project, the creation/modification us
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 er/date of association will be set to current date.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set all the parameters of statement according to the properties of the association and executeUpdate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If add project is failed, call auditManager.delete(header.getId) to rollback the a\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
udit, and remove the project by client.removeProject
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.3.12
}{\i\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Remove project from client
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call client.removeProject
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If audit remove project to client is true, create an auditHeader with the project id and client id and create audit by auditManager.create(hea\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 der) 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call dao.removeProjectFromClient
\par }\pard \ql \li960\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin960\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
Get a connection by createConnection, and prepare a statement to add the association with which clientId and projectID are equal to the given from client_project table
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Set all the parameters of statement according to the properties of the association and executeUpdate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Close the connection
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If remove project is failed, call auditManager.delete(header.getId) to rollback the audit, and add the project by client.addProject
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 .3.12}{\i\f0\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\i\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Perform Transaction Management (in the SessionBean)
\par \tab \tab }{\f2\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call ClientUtilityFactory.getClientUtility();}{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f2\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Delegate to the ClientUtility.
\par \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If an exception is thrown
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Catch the exception
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Call context.setRollbackOnly()
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Rethrow the exception
\par }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab \tab 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 4\tab Component Class Overview
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtility}{\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This is an interface that defines the API that may be used to manage Time Tracker Clients.
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtilityImpl:
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This is the default implementation of ClientUtility.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li1860\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1860\itap0 {\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Client}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class holds the information of a client. 
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientDAO}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This interface specifies the contract for implementations of a ClientDAOs. A ClientDAO is responsible for accessing the database. Clients
\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  information is persisted in client table, while the associ\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ated project information is persisted in client_project table. 
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientInformixDAO}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
This class is the Informix database implementation of the ClientDAO. It provides general retrieve/update/remove/add functionality to access the database. And it provides Se\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
archClient method to search client with filter and depth. Clients\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1  information is persisted in client table, while the associated project information is persisted in client_project table.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientColumnName}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class is enumeration of the column name's al\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
ias in client table. It make all the column names can be configured. 
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientProjectColumnName}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class is enumeration of the column name's alias in client_project table. It make all the column names can be configured. 
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Depth}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This abstract class is th\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
e base class of the depth. It defines the general interface for all the depth. Therefore, all depth depending search can be uniformly processed without to know the difference between depths.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientOnlyDepth}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class represents the client only depth. It\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 extends Depth. Search with this depth, the result will contain only the client information.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientIDOnlyDepth}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class represents the client ID only depth. It extends Depth. Search with this depth, the result will contain client name and Id only.

\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Cli\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 entProjectDepth}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class represents the client project depth. It extends Depth. Search with this depth, the result will contain all clients and all projects.

\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 SummaryDepth}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class represents the summary depth. It extends Depth. Search with this dept\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
h, the result will contain client id & Name and associated project ids & names.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientFilterFactory}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class is used to create pre-defined filters or AND/OR/NOT filter based on given filters.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtilityFactory:
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This class is used to obtain an instance of ClientUtility from the SessionBean.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtilityDelegate:
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This a business delegate that looks up the local interface of ClientUtilitySessionBean and delegates to that.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 .
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtilityLocal:
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This is the local in\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 terface of ClientUtility.
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtilityLocalHome:
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This is the local home interface of ClientUtility.
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtilitySessionBean:
\par }\pard \ql \li1440\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1440\itap0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This is a Stateless SessionBean that is responsible for managing the transactions.  It delegates the actual business logic to a
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 n implementation of ClientUtility.
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.5
\tab Usage of Exceptions
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtilityException}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li710\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
This exception will be the base exception for all exceptions thrown by the implementations of ClientUtility. This exception can be used by the application to simply their\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 exception processing by catching a single exception regardless of the actual subclass.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 InvalidClientIDException}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li710\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
This exception will be created and thrown by the implementations of ClientUtility when it can't generate ID successfully. This exception will be exposed to the caller of ClientUtility.addClient(s) method.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 InvalidClientPropertyException}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li710\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This exception wil\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
l be thrown by the implementations of  ClientUtility when the property of the properties of given Client is invalid. This exception will be exposed to the caller of ClientUtility's addClient(s) and updateClient(s) method.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 PropertyOperationException}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li710\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
exception will be thrown by the implementations of ClientUtility and ClientDAO if it encounters any exception when try to retrieve/delete/update/create the contact/address/project property from contact/address manager or project utility. It will be expose
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 d\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  to the caller of the batch operation methods.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientPersistenceException}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li710\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
This exception will be thrown by the implementations of ClientUtiltiy and the implementations of ClientDAO when they encounter database exceptions. This exception will be exposed t\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
o the caller of ClientUtiltiy and the ClientDAO implementations' database related methods.
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ConfigurationException}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 :
\par }\pard \ql \li710\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This exception will be thrown by the implementations of ClientUtiltiy and the implementations of ClientDAO when they encounter configuration
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  error. This exception will be exposed to the caller of constructor of ClientUtility and ClientDAO implementations.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientAuditException:
\par }\pard \ql \li710\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This exception will be thrown by the implementations of ClientUtility if it encounters exception when audit. This exc\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
eption will be exposed to the caller of ClientUtility's addClient(s), updateClient(s), removeClient(s), addProjectToClient and removeProjectFromClient method.
\par 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 BatchOperationException:
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 This exception will be thrown by the ClientUtility if the batch operati\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
on can't be completed successfully. This exception will be exposed to the caller of ClientUtility's batch operation methods.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 1.6
\tab Thread Safety
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Client is not thread-safe by being mutable. They are not supposed to be used in multithread environment. If they\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  would be used in multithread environment, they should be synchronized externally.
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Other classes in this component are thread-safe by being immutable.
\par }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
The Local and LocalHome interfaces are expected to be used in a thread-safe manner by the EJB container, and their implementations are to be thread-safe.  The ClientUtilityDelegate does not change state after initialization, and relies on the thread-safet
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 y\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 of the Local interface.  The ClientUtilitySessionBean is stateless, and relies on the thread-safety of the ClientUtility interface, and the ClientUtilityFactory - both of which are required to be thread-safe.
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2.\tab 
Environment Requirements\tab \tab 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2.1
\tab Environment
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li1080\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f3\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Development language: Java 1.4
\par }{\f3\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Compile target: Java 1.4, Java 1.5
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2.2
\tab TopCoder Software Components
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx1080\tx1140\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f10\fs16\cf1\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 
\'6c\tab }{\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Configuration Manager 2.1.5 is used t}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 o provide configuration options}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
Object Factory 2.0 is utilized to create the implementations of ClientDAO.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Base \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Exception 1.0 is used to provide a base for all custom exceptions.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ID Generator 3.0 is used to generate IDs for Client.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 DB Connection Factory 1.0 is used to generate the database Connection. }{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Type Safe Enum 1.0 is used to be extended by the ClientCol\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 umnName and ClientProjectColumnName enumeration. }{
\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Search Builder 1.3.1 is used to enable search with filter}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Database Abstraction 1.1 is used to provide the CustomResultSet return by the SearchBundle}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Time Tracker Audit 3.}{\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 is used to provide audit functionality}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Time Tracker Common 3.}{\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 provides TimeTrakerBean base class, PaymentTerm and CommonManager}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Time Tracker Project 3.}{\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 provides Project and ProjectUtility to get Projects.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Time Tracker Contact 3.}{\fs20\cf2\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 provides Contact \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 and Address and their manager.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f10\fs16\cf6\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'6c\tab }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 JNDI Utility 1.0 is used to look-up the LocalHome interface.}{\cf6\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 2.3
\tab Third Party Components
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li720\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 None

\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 3.\tab 
Installation and Configuration
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 3.1
\tab Package Name
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.client
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.client.db
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.client.depth
\par }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.client.ejb
\par }\pard \ql \fi-420\li420\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx420\faauto\rin0\lin420\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 3.2\tab Configuration Parameters
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 3.2.1\tab Configuration Parameters 
\par }\pard \ql \li708\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin708\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtility}{\fs20\insrsid8916998 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Impl}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
 has the following configuration using the specified namespaces (or one provided by the application):
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Namesp\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ace}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
: com.topcoder.timetracker.client.ClientUtility
\par }\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Property Name\cell 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Description\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Format\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Required\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow0\irowband0
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 objectFactoryNamespace\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The namespace used for ObjectFactory to create the }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ClientDAO}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 IDName\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The name of ID Generator\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow2\irowband2\lastrow \ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f0\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 

\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The ClientUtility}{\fs20\insrsid8916998 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Impl}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  will use the ObjectFactory to create the following:
\par }\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Class Type\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Key\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Required\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow0\irowband0
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.client.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ClientDAO}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "ClientDAO"\cell \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow1\irowband1
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.contact.ContactManager\cell }{
\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ContactManager}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow2\irowband2\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.contact.AddressManager\cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 AddressManager}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow3\irowband3\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.common.CommonManager\cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
CommonManager}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {
\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow4\irowband4\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.project.ProjectUtility\cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ProjectUtility}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
"}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow5\irowband5\lastrow 
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f0\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The ClientInformixDAO has the following configurati\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 on using the specified namespaces (or one provided by the application or ClientUtility):
\par }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Namespace}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 : com.topcoder.timetracker.client.db.ClientInformixDAO
\par 
\par }\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Property Name\cell 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Description\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Format\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Required\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow0\irowband0
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 objectFactoryNamespace\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The namespace used for ObjectFactory\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  to create the }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ClientDAO}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 IDName\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The name of ID Generator\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow2\irowband2\lastrow \ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6778805 
\par }\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Property Name\cell 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Description\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Format\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Required\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow0\irowband0
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 objectFactoryNamespace\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The namespace used for ObjectFactory to create the }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 AuditManager}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ConnectionName\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The name used to get connection from connection factory\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow2\irowband2\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
SearchBundleName\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The name will be used to get SearchBundle from SearchBundleManager\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow3\irowband3\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
SearchBundleNamespace\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The namespace used to create }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 SearchBundleManager}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow4\irowband4
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr
\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Connectio\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nFactoryNamespace\cell }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
The namespace used to create DBConnectionFactory\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\trowd \irow5\irowband5\lastrow \ts11\trgaph10\trleft612\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3033\clshdrawnil \cellx3645\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2937\clshdrawnil \cellx6582\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth979\clshdrawnil \cellx7561\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1079\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid6778805 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The ClientInformixDAO will use the ObjectFactory to create the following:
\par }\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Class Type\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Key\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Required\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow0\irowband0
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\trowd \irow1\irowband1
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblrsid8674901 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
com.topcoder.timetracker.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 audit.AuditManager}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "AuditManager"\cell \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Yes\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblrsid8674901 \clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0\pararsid12388996 {\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 audit.A}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ddress}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Manager}{\fs20\insrsid8674901 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Address}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Manager"\cell \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \trowd \irow2\irowband2
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblrsid8674901 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0\pararsid12388996 {\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
com.topcoder.timetracker.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 audit.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ContactM}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 anager}{\fs20\insrsid8674901 \cell }{
\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Contact}{\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Manager"\cell \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Yes\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid8674901 \trowd \irow3\irowband3\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblrsid8674901 \clvertalt
\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0\pararsid12388996 {\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 com.topcoder.timetracker.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 audit.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Common}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Manager}{\fs20\insrsid11956669 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Common}{
\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Manager"\cell \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Yes\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \trowd \irow4\irowband4
\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblrsid8674901 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0\pararsid12388996 {\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 
com.topcoder.timetracker.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 audit.}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ProjectU\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tility}{\fs20\insrsid11956669 \cell }{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ProjectUtility}{\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "\cell \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Yes\cell }\pard 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\insrsid11956669 \trowd \irow5\irowband5\lastrow \ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trftsWidthB3\trftsWidthA3\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblrsid8674901 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth4872\clshdrawnil \cellx5439\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2087\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrnone \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard 
\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f0\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 NOTE: In the configuration of SearchBundleNamespace\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
s alias property, should specify all the aliases defined in ClientColumnName and ClientProjectColumnName. Please refer to sample configuration file.
\par 
\par }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The following configuration properties are used by the\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  ClientUtilityDelegate class.
\par }\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3062\clshdrawnil \cellx3629\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2923\clshdrawnil \cellx6552\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth974\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Property Name\cell 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Description\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Format\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Required\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\b\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 
\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3062\clshdrawnil \cellx3629\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2923\clshdrawnil \cellx6552\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth974\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3062\clshdrawnil \cellx3629\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2923\clshdrawnil \cellx6552\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth974\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 
ContextName\cell }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The name used to retrieve the Context from JNDIUtils.  If not specified, default is used.\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Optional\cell 
}\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow1\irowband1\ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3062\clshdrawnil \cellx3629\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2923\clshdrawnil \cellx6552\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth974\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\intbl\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\f2\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 LocalHomeName\cell }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 The name used to retrieve the LocalHome object using this and context.  \cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 String\cell \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Yes
\cell }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \trowd \irow2\irowband2\lastrow \ts11\trgaph10\trleft567\trftsWidth1\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth3062\clshdrawnil \cellx3629\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2923\clshdrawnil \cellx6552\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrnone \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth974\clshdrawnil \cellx7526\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrnone \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw5\brdrcf1 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1114\clshdrawnil \cellx8640\row }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f0\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tx720\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 3.2.2\tab Sample Configuration
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Please refer to config.xml }{\fs20\cf6\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 and ejb-jar.xml.}{\fs20\insrsid6778805 

\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx720\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 3.3\tab Dependencies Configuration
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 None
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 4.\tab 
Usage Notes
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 4.1
\tab Required steps to test the component
\par }\pard\plain \ql \fi-360\li1080\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx1080\faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f10\insrsid6778805 \loch\af10\dbch\af13\hich\f10 \'b7}{\f3\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Extract the component distribution.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-360\li1080\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0 {\f3\insrsid6778805 \loch\af3\dbch\af13\hich\f3 \'b7}{\f3\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Follow }{\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid6778805 
\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Dependencies Configuration.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }{\f3\insrsid6778805 \loch\af3\dbch\af13\hich\f3 \'b7}{\f3\fs20\insrsid6778805 \tab }{\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Execute \hich\f1 \lquote \loch\f1 ant test\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 
 within the directory that the distribution was extracted to.}{\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 4.2
\tab Required steps to use the component
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Nothing special required
\par }\pard\plain \s2\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel1\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 4.3
\tab Demo
\par }\pard\plain \s3\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\faauto\outlinelevel2\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 4.3.1
\tab }{\i\fs20\insrsid12412480 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Demo }{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1  }{\i\fs20\insrsid12412480 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ClientUtility}{\i\fs20\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15618005 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\insrsid15618005 
\par }{\insrsid15618005 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1          Client[] clients = new Client[2];
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         // create the clients
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         for (int i = 0; i < 2; i++) \{
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i] = new Client();
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setActive(true);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setAddress(new Address());
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setChanged(true);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setCompanyId(i + 1);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setContact(new Contact());
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setCreationDate(new Date());
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setCreationUser("creationUser");
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             c\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 lients[i].setEndDate(new Date());
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setId(i + 1);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setModificationDate(new Date());
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setModificationUser("modificationUser");
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setName("userName");
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             PaymentT\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 erm term = new PaymentTerm();
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             term.setId(i + 1);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setPaymentTerm(term);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setSalesTax(0.1);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setStartDate(new Date());
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             Contact contact = new Contact();
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             co\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 ntact.setId(i + 1);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setContact(contact);
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             Address address = new Address();
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             address.setId(1);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setId(i + 1);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setAddress(address);
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             Project project1 = new Project();
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             project1.setId(i + 77);
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             Project project2 = new Project();
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             project2.setId(i + 144);
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1             clients[i].setProjects(new Project[] \{project1, project2\});
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         \}
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1       \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1   // add the clients
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         impl.addClients(clients, false);
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         // retrieve the clients
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         Client[] getClients = impl.retrieveClients(new long[] \{1, 2\});
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         // get all clients
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         getClients = impl.getAllClients();
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         // update \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 the clients
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         getClients[0].setActive(false);
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         impl.updateClients(getClients, false);
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         // remove the clients
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         impl.removeClient(getClients[0].getId(), false);
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         // search the clients
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         impl.searchClient(ClientFilter\hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Factory.createActiveFilter(true), new ClientIDOnlyDepth());
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1     
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1    }{\insrsid12412480\charrsid12412480 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12412480 {\insrsid12412480 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 4.3.2  Demo delegate}{\insrsid12412480\charrsid12412480 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs18\insrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid6778805 {\insrsid6778805\charrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         ClientUtilityDelegate delegate = new ClientUtilityDelegate();
\par 
\par \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1         // the usage is the same to ClientUtility.}{\insrsid6778805\charrsid6778805 
\par }\pard \ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\f2\fs18\insrsid6778805 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\b\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 5.\tab 
Future Enhancements
\par }\pard \s1\ql \li710\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\faauto\outlinelevel0\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\fs20\cf1\insrsid6778805 \hich\af1\dbch\af13\loch\f1 Implement accessibility for other database systems.
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe2052\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp2052 {\f0\insrsid6778805 
\par }}