{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070409020205020404}Courier;}{\f10\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f52\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f53\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}
{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f63\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}
{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue127;
\red51\green51\blue153;\red127\green127\blue127;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid9070350}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.8026;}{\info{\operator Javier Fernandez-Ivern}{\creatim\yr2006\mo6\dy22\hr8\min49}{\revtim\yr2006\mo6\dy22\hr8\min51}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages10}
{\nofwords2676}{\nofchars15257}{\nofcharsws17898}{\vern24609}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl }\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\deftab420\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale110\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot9070350 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx720\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs32 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs32\ul\insrsid9070350 Review Management Component Specification
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\insrsid9070350 1.\tab Design}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
Reviews are produced based on scorecards. A review holds a collection of items which address each of the questions on the scorecard. It also consists of the author that produced the review, the submission it addresses and the scorecard template it is base
d on. Various types of comments can be attached to the review or to each review item. A committed review must address all questions on the corresponding scorecard, and will have its overall score available.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The component provides the management functionali
ties to create, update or search reviews. The review persistence logic is pluggable.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.1\tab Design Patterns 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li701\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin701\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 DefaultReviewManager and ReviewPersistence implement the strategy pattern.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.2\tab Industry Standards 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 JDBC}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Informix}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.3\tab Required Algorithms
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.3.1}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Transaction of InformixReviewPersistence}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 
All the methods of InformixReviewPersistence that involve in the database operations, should put the database queries in one transaction. Take the createReview(Review,String) method for instance, in order to create Review,
 this method will also be responsible for creating the associated Item and Comment. All these database operations should be put in one transaction. The connection is retrieved from DBConnectionFactory, and it should be closed after operation to release to
 connection pool.
\par Note that searchReview method will fall into two transactions. One transaction is used to retrieve an array of review ids, and the other to initialize the review array.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.3.2}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 \tab }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Create the Review in the persistence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 
This algorithm is also responsible for creating the associated Comment, and Item, but not for CommentType. Please note that the comment_type_lu table is simply a look-up table.
\par This method is responsible for setting the creation user and modification user for the review instance. The creation user and modification user is identical to the passed in operation.
\par Before creating the review instance in the database, all the associated review properties should be validated.
\par Please see the Review Data Structure co
mponent about which properties should be validated, and the corresponding valid values. Review class in the Review Data Structure component might add validate() method to perform the data validation. If that, the validate() method will be called before in
serting the instance into the database.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs18\cf17\insrsid9070350 Impl note:
\par 1. Get the review id and check that if it exists in the database. If exist, throw DuplicateReviewEntityException.
\par 2. get id from reviewIDGenerator, set it on review, and insert the review properties into the review table
\par 3. get all comments from review, generate id for each comment(using reviewCommentIDGenerator), and insert the comment into the table.
\par 4. get all the items from review, generate id for each item(using reviewItemIDGenerator), and insert the item into the table.
\par 5. for each item in the step 4, get all the item comments, and generate the id for them(using reviewItemCommentIDGenerator), and insert them into the item_comment table.
\par 6. if any exception occurred, reset the review properties to  their initial values, and roll back.
\par Note that: the source_id field represents the author id
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.3.3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 \tab }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Update Review in the persistence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li710\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin710\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 
This algorithm is also responsible for creating, deleting, updating the associated Items, Comments, and Item Comments. The algorithm is also responsible for set operator on Review#modifictionUser.
\par Before updating the review instance in the database, all the associated review properties should be validated.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 Please see the Review Data Structure component about which properties should
 be validated, and the corresponding valid values. Review class in the Review Data Structure component might add validate() method to perform the data validation. If that, the validate() method will be called before inserting the instance into the databas
e.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-300\li1020\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1020\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af5\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs18\cf17\insrsid9070350 Impl note:
\par 1. get the review id, and check that it exists in the database. otherwise, throw ReviewEntityNotFoundException.
\par 2. get the Review bean properties, and update them on "review" table.
\par 3. select all the comment id from review_comment table which belong to the given review. Assume that idSet keeps the comment ids retrieved in this step.
\par 4. get the review comments, for each comment, get the comment id,
\par if the id exists in idSet, update the comment, and remove the id from idSet.
\par if not exists, get the id(using reviewCommentIDGenerator), set the id on comment, and create the comment.
\par 5. If idSet is not empty, iterate through the set, and remove the comment from review_comment table for each comment id
\par 7. select all the review item ids from review_item table which belong to the given review.. Assume that itemIdSet keeps the items ids retrieved in this step.
\par 8. get the review items, for each item id:
\par if the id exists in the itemIdSet, update the item, and remove the id from itemIdSet. Note that update the item involve creating, updating and deleting the item comments. t
\par If the id not exists, get the id from reviewItemIDGenerator, and create the item. Note that creating item will involve creating all the associated item comments.
\par 9. if itemIdSet is not empty, iterate through the set, for each id, remove it from review_item table.
\par 10. If any error occurred, roll back, and reset the review properties to their initial statuses.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf17\insrsid9070350 .}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf17\insrsid9070350 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.3.3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 \tab }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Get Review from the persistence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi600\li0\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 Get the Review instance from the persistence with given id
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi400\li240\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin240\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af5\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs18\cf17\insrsid9070350 Impl note:
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li641\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin641\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af5\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs18\cf17\insrsid9070350 1. if id is not positive, throw IllegalArgumentException
\par 2. check that id exists in the database, if not exists, throw ReviewEntityNotFoundException
\par 3. get all comment types from comment_type_lu table.
\par 4. create a Review isntance, select all the Review properties  and Comments from the review, review_comment  and set them on the instance.
\par Notice that the source_id represents Review#author.
\par The step 4 must be done in one SQL query
\par 5. select all the review item and item comments from review_item and review_item_comment tables where review_id is equal to given id,
\par and create the Item instance for each row,
\par Note that the Item#getDocument() is identical review_item.upload_id
\par The step 5 must also be done in one SQL query.
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.3.4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 \tab }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Search for the review in the persistence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9070350 
Search the persistence with given filter. If complete is false, the associated items and comments of the matching review will not be retrieved.
\par In the version 1.0, the filter supports at most five fields:
\par scorecardType --- the score card type, must be java.Long type
\par submission --- the review submission id, must be java.Long type
\par reviewer --- the author of the review, must be java.Long type
\par project --- the project id of the review, must be java.Long type
\par committed --- indicate if the review has been committed, must be java.lang.Integer type.
\par Either new Integer(1), representing committed, or new Integer(0), represent not committed
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af5\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f5\fs18\cf17\insrsid9070350 Impl note:
\par 1. get an array of review ids by calling this.searchBundle.search(filter). If the returned CustomResultSet is empty, simply return empty array.
\par 2. if complete is false, select all the review properties from review table:
\par select * from review where review_id IN (,,,,,) // the (,,,) is an array of review ids retrieved in step 1
\par Initialize an array of review with data retrieved in the above sql and return it.
\par Review#getAhtor() is identical to review.resource_id
\par 2. if complete is true get all comment types  from comment_type_lu table
\par 2.1 retrieve review properties and review comments from review , review_comment tables
\par where review.review_id=review_comment.review_id and
\par review_id IN (....) order by review_id, review_comments.review_comment_id
\par Initialize the array of review with the data retrieved in the above sql and the comment types retrieved in step 2
\par 2.2 retrieve review items and item comments from review_item:
\par select review_id, item properties(document, question, etc), item comment properties from review_item, reiview_item_comment where
\par review_item.review_id IN (.....) and
\par review_item.review_item_id=review_item_comment.review_item_id
\par order by review_id, reivew_item_id, review_item_comment_id
\par Initiliaze the reviews with items retrieved in the above sql and the comment types retrieved in step 2.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-300\li1020\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1020\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf17\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.4\tab Component Class Overview}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ReviewManagement}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 : 
\par This interface defines the contract of managing the review entities the datastore. It provides the management functionalit
ies to create, update and search reviews. Additionally, application users can also add comment for review and item, and get all the comment types from the manager.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The implementation of this interface is not required to be thread safe.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 DefaultReviewManagement}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 : 
\par This class is the default implementation of ReviewManager. It actually delegates the work to the pluggable persistence to create, update and search reviews. Additionally, application users can also add comment for review and item, and get all the com
ment types from the manager.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This class is not thread safe.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ReviewPersistence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 : 
\par This interface defines the contract of managing the review entities in the persistence. It provides the persistence functionalities to create, update and search reviews. Additionally, application users can also add comment for review and item, and get all
 the comment types from the persistence.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This class is not thread safe since it\rquote s mutable.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 InformixReviewPersistence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 : 
\par This class is responsible for creating, updating, searching the review entities stored in the Informix database. Additionally, application users can also add comment for review and item, and get all the comment types from the persistence.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This class is not thread safe.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ChainFilter}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 : 
\par The ChainFilter class provides the convenient methods to constructor composite filter with "chain" operation.
\par For instance, if the search condition is that " search for the reviews which have been committed, reviewer id is 10000, or project id is greater than 10001",
\par we can construct the filter in this way
\par ChainFilter cf = new ChainFilter(new EqualToFilter("committed", 't'));
\par cf.and(new EqualToFilter("reviewer", new Long(10000))).or(new GreaterThanFilter("project", new Long(10001)));
\par 
\par This class does not implement the Filter interface from Search Builder since DatabaseSearchStringBuilder hardcodes all the filter types, which 
\par make it impossible to add new Filter without modifying the source code of DatabaseSearchStringBuilder.
\par 
\par This class is not thread safe since it's mutable.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.5\tab Component Exception Definitions}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 IllegalArgumentException
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This exception is thrown in various methods if null object is not allowed, or the given string argument is empty. Refer to the documentation in Poseidon for more details.}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\cf6\insrsid9070350 NOTE: Empty string means string of zero length or string full of whitespaces.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ConfigurationException}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This exception is thrown from the constructor taking a namespace argument, if failed to load configuration values from the ConfigManager or the configuration values are invalid.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ReviewManagementException}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This exception will be thrown by ReviewManager, ReviewPersistence and their implementations if any error occurs during the management of review entities
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ReviewPersistenceException}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This exception will be thrown by ReviewPersistence and its implementation if any error occurred during persisting the review entity.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ReviewEntitiyNotFoundException}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This exception will be thrown by InformixReviewPersistence if application tries to get or update a non-existing review entity}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 

\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 DuplicatedReviewEntityException}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 This exception will be thrown by InformixReviewPersistence if application tries to create a duplicated review entity.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 1.6\tab Thread Safety
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Thread safety is not required, and this component is not thread safe.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
The ReviewPersistence and its implementation are not thread safe. InformixReviewPersistence are not thread safe since its inner states like DBConnectionFactory makes no guarantee of thread safety. ReviewManager and its implementation also not thread safe.
 DefaultReviewManger is simply a wrapper of ReviewPersistence. ChainFilter is not thread safe since it\rquote s mutable.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 2.\tab Environment Requirements
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 2.1\tab Environment
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Java 1.4 or higher.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 2.2\tab TopCoder Software Components}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Base Exception 1.0
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-2\li722\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin722\itap0\pararsid9070350 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The custom exception extends BaseException in this component. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li360\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin360\itap0\pararsid9070350 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350        }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
Configuration Manager 2.1.4}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350               It will be used by InformixReviewPersistence to load the configuration values.
\par        \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 DB Connection Factory 1.0}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350               It will be used by InformixReviewPersistence to get named connection.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-10\li711\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin711\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Search Builder 1.3}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-1420\li1420\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1420\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350               It\rquote 
s used by InformixReviewPersistence to generate the complicated search conditions..
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-10\li711\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin711\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 ID Generator 3.0}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350               It is used by InformixReviewPersistence to get the long id for review entities}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 2.3\tab Third Party Components
\par }\pard \ltrpar\qj \fi800\li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 None.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 3.\tab Installation and Configuration
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 3.1\tab Package Name
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 com.topcoder.management.review}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 com.topcoder.management.review.persistence
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 3.2\tab Configuration Parameters}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9070350 Configuration values for }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 InformixReviewPersistence}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par \ltrrow}\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Parameter\cell Description\cell Values\cell }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\trowd \irow0\irowband0\ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 connection.name\cell }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The connection name to retrieve connection from DB Connection Factory . }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
Required}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 .\cell review_manager_connection.\cell }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 \trowd \irow1\irowband1\ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 connection.factory_namespace\cell }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The namespace used in DB Connection Factory component, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Required}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 . \cell com.topcoder.db.connectionfactory.DBConnectionFactoryImpl\cell }\pard \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 \trowd \irow2\irowband2\ltrrow
\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil 
\cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
connection.factory_class\cell }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The DBConnectionFactory class name used to create DB Connection Factory , }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350  Required}{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 .\cell com.topcoder.db.connectionfactory.DBConnectionFactoryImpl\cell }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 \trowd \irow3\irowband3\ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr
\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt
\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 
\ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 search_bundle_manager_namespace\cell }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The namespace of SearchBundleManager\cell 
com.topcoder.management.review.persistence.InformixReviewPersistence.SearchBundleManager\cell }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\trowd \irow4\irowband4\ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Search_bundle_name\cell }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The name of the SearchBundle. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Required}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 \cell databaseName\cell }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\trowd \irow5\irowband5\lastrow \ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par        Configureation values for DefaultReviewManager
\par \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Parameter\cell Description\cell Values\cell }\pard \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 \trowd \irow0\irowband0\ltrrow
\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil 
\cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 
\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 persistence.class
\cell }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The persistence class name. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Required}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 .\cell 
com.topcoder.management.review.persistence.InformixReviewPersistence\cell }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\trowd \irow1\irowband1\ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 
\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row \ltrrow}\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 persistence.namespace\cell }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 The namespace used to create the persistence via reflection, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
Required}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 . \cell com.topcoder.management.review.persistence.InformixReviewPersistence\cell }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\intbl\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 \trowd \irow2\irowband2\lastrow \ltrrow\ts11\trgaph108\trleft709\trftsWidth1\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3\tblind817\tblindtype3 \clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl
\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2126\clshdrawnil \cellx2835\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 
\cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth2552\clshdrawnil \cellx5387\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw15 \cltxlrtb\clftsWidth3\clwWidth1984\clshdrawnil \cellx7371\row }\pard \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Here is an example of the configuration file.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\cf17\insrsid9070350  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\cf17\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350 <?xml version="1.0" ?>  
\par <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
\par <CMConfig>
\par     <Config name="com.topcoder.management.review">
\par 
\par         <Property name="connection">
\par             <!-- the connection name to retrieve connection in DB Connection Factory, required -->
\par             <Property name="name">
\par                 <Value>asset_manager_connection</Value>
\par             </Property>
\par             <!-- The DBConnectionFactory class name used to create DB Connection Factory, required -->
\par             <Property name="factory_namespace">
\par                 <Value>com.topcoder.db.connectionfactory.DBConnectionFactoryImpl</Value>
\par             </Property>
\par             <Property name="factory_class">
\par                 <Value>com.topcoder.db.connectionfactory.DBConnectionFactoryImpl</Value>
\par             </Property>
\par         </Property>
\par 
\par         <Property name="search_bundle_manager_namespace">
\par             <Value> com.topcoder.management.review.persistence.InformixReviewPersistence.SearchBundleManager </Value>
\par         </Property>
\par         <Property name="search_bundle_name">
\par             <Value>databaseName</Value>
\par         </Property>
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi315\li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350 </Config>
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350     <Config name="com.topcoder.management.review.DefaultReviewManager">
\par         <Property name="persistence">
\par             <Property name="persistence_namespace">
\par                 <Value>com.topcoder.management.review.persistence.InformixReviewPersistence</Value>
\par             </Property>
\par            <Property name="persistence_class">
\par                 <Value> com.topcoder.management.review.persistence.InformixReviewPersistence</Value>
\par             </Property>
\par         </Property>}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350     </Config>
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi315\li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs16\cf17\insrsid9070350 </CMConfig>
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 3.3\tab Dependencies Configuration
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 
ConfigurationManager,DBConnectionFactory and IDGenerator should be properly configured to make this component work.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 4.\tab Usage Notes
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 4.1\tab Required steps to test the component
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\tx1140\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af10\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f10\fs20\lang2052\langfe1033\langnp2052\insrsid9070350 \'d8}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af10\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f10\fs20\insrsid9070350 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Extract the component distribution.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-420\li1140\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1140\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af10\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f10\fs20\lang2052\langfe1033\langnp2052\insrsid9070350 \'d8}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af10\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f10\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Follow }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid9070350 Dependencies Configuration}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 .
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af10\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f10\fs20\lang2052\langfe1033\langnp2052\insrsid9070350 \'d8}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af10\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f10\fs20\insrsid9070350 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Execute \lquote ant test
\rquote  within the directory that the distribution was extracted to.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 4.2\tab Required steps to use the component
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 Preload the configuration file into Configuration Manager. Follow demo.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 4.3\tab Demo}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs20\insrsid9070350 

\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cf6\insrsid9070350 The configuration file listed in the section 3.2 is used in the demo.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 4.3.1\tab Create instance of ReviewManagement}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 
\ltrch\fcs0 \i\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi480\li240\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin240\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs18\cf18\insrsid9070350 // create the instance with given namespace,
\par ReviewPersistence persist = new InformixReviewPersistence(namespace);
\par ReviewManager manager = new DefaultReviewManager(persist);
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa60\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx0\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 4.3.2\tab Manage Review}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\i\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi480\li240\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin240\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs18\cf18\insrsid9070350 // Get all comment types
\par CommentType[] commentTypes = manager.getAllCommentTypes();
\par 
\par // create the review in the manager
\par // assume that the review is initialized
\par Review review = \'85// initialized the review
\par manager.createReview(review, \'93someReviewer\'94);
\par 
\par // add comment for review
\par Comment reviewComment = \'85// assume that comment is initialized.
\par Manager.addReviewComment(review.getId(), comment, \'93admin\'94);
\par 
\par // add comment for item
\par Comment itemComment = ..// assume that comment is initialized
\par // assume that the itemId is retrieved from review
\par manager.addItemComment(itemId, itemComment, \'93admin\'94);
\par 
\par // update the review
\par review.setCommitted(true);
\par manager.updateReview(review, \'93someReviewer\'94);
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-360\li1080\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin1080\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs18\cf18\insrsid9070350 
\par // search reviews
\par 
\par // search for the reviews which have been committed
\par Filter filter = new EqualToFilter(\'93committed\'94,new Integer(1));
\par Review[] reviews = manager.searchReviews(filter,true);
\par // iterate through the array and check
\par 
\par // search for the reviews which have been committed and reviewer id is 10000
\par ChainFilter cf = new ChainFilter(filter);
\par cf.and(new EqualToFilter(\'93reviewer\'94, new Long(10000));
\par reviews = manager.searchReviews(cf.getFilter(), true);
\par // check the array
\par 
\par // search for the reviews which have been committed, reviewer id is 10000,
\par // or project id is greater than 10001
\par cf.or(new GreaterThanFilter(\'93project\'94, 10001);
\par reviews = manager.searchReviews(cf.getFilter(), true);
\par // check the array
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs18 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs18\cf19\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sa120\sl240\slmult0\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx360\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 5.\tab Future Enhancements
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li701\ri0\sa120\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin701\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af1\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f1\fs20\insrsid9070350 More ReviewPersistence implementations could be added.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li720\ri0\sa120\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin720\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\insrsid9070350 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9070350 
\par }}